Improve 2FA docs (#19533)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-password-authentication.md

4. Click **Enable**.

> 5. Logout and Log back in, you should now get a QR Code that you can scan with your authenticator app.
> 
> 6. Enter the code from your authenticator app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Log out and then log back in. A QR code will appear, which you can scan using your authenticator app.

6. Enter the authentication code generated by your app to complete the setup.
```
